[apis/Google.Cloud.PubSub.V1] docs: Improve PubSub coding guidance (#6029)
googleapis/google-cloud-dotnet: apis/Google.Cloud.PubSub.V1/docs/index.md

{{sample:SubscriberServiceApiClient.Overview}}

# Performance considerations and default settings

`PublisherClient` and `SubscriberClient` are optimized for high-throughput high-performance scenarios,
and default settings have been chosen with this in mind;
however, note that these classes are also well suited to use cases where performance is not a major
consideration.

By default multiple gRPC channels are created on client startup, with the channel count defaulting to
the CPU processor count as returned by `Environment.ProcessorCount`. This is to allow greater bandwidth
than a single gRPC channel can support; the processor count is is a pragmatic choice to approximately
scale maximum throughput performance by potential machine workload.

> If using multiple clients on a machine with a high processor count, then this may cause problems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using multiple clients on a machine with a high processor count, this may cause problems
```

("If using" doesn't sound quite right to me. "If you are using" would be okay, as an alternative)

Author: Done (not using your suggestion due to CLA issue)

with TCP connection exhaustion. Set the relevant `ClientCreationSettings.ClientCount` to a low value
(`1` is suitable for low or moderate throughput requirements) to mitigate this.

# Coding considerations

> `PublisherClient` and `SubscriberClient` are expensive to create, so if regularly publishing or

Reviewer: Again, I'd prefer "when regularly publishing" or "if you are regularly publishing"

Author: Done

subscribing to the same topic or subscription then a singleton client instance should be created and
used for the lifetime of the application.

Both synchronous `Create(...)` and asynchronous `CreateAsync(...)` methods are provided, but note that

> if using default credentials on Google Compute Engine (GCE) then a network request may need to be made

Reviewer: And again :)

Author: Done
